#### Q1. As you know, the consensus mechanism for a project is the most important part for security. Given that MATRIX is using MCMC as a cryptographic hash, will you ensure it is academically and commercially peer reviewed before it goes live? Sha256 and similar algorithms have gone through rigorous academic review.

In order to meet people's expectations on the security of MCMC, MATRIX will certainly carry out academic peer evaluations as well as commercial security reviews before it goes live. But before this is done, we will take a workaround which focuses on the SHA-3 (Secure Hash Algorithm 3). And we will switch to MCMC finally when academica and commercial peer reviews generate a positive result.

Actually, SHA-3 is also vulnerable to attacks to some extent. That's why we have always been researching and testing on MCMC, and seeking for room of upgrade as well.

#####WHY TRADITIONAL SHA-1/2 ARE NOT SECURE

You can refer to the following information to gain an understanding why they are unsecure.

On Feb 23, 2017, Google announced first successful SHA1 collision ([https://security.googleblog.com/2017/02/announcing-first-sha1-collision.html](https://security.googleblog.com/2017/02/announcing-first-sha1-collision.html)).

MORE INFO on SHA-1 attacks: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-1#Attacks](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-1#Attacks)

MORE INFO on SHA-2 attacks: 

[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2)

[https://online.tugraz.at/tug_online/voe_main2.getvolltext?pCurrPk=69018](https://online.tugraz.at/tug_online/voe_main2.getvolltext?pCurrPk=69018)

[https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/374.pdf ](https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/374.pdf )


##### About SHA-2

In January 2011 (with NIST document SP800-131A), SHA-2 became the new recommended hashing standard. SHA-2, is often called the SHA-2 family of hashes, because it contains many different-length hashes, including 224-bit, 256-bit, 384-bit, and 512-bit digests (each discussed and released in related NIST Federal Information Processing Standard documents). You can't determine which SHA-2 bit length someone is using based on the name alone, but the most popular one is 256-bits by a large margin.


##### WHY SHA-3 AS A WORKAROUND

As time goes by, SHA algorithms will become more and more unsecure. The reason why NIST selected SHA-3 born in an open contest as a new standard (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-3) is that it was not deriving from SHA family. Instead, SHA-3 has a totally different maths algorithm. NIST published a draft standard and officially named it as SHA-3 on August 5th, 2015. SHA-3 then became the new recommended hashing standard.


### Q2. What are and what is needed to have 1000 TPS, which are required to have a mining MATRIX node?


A mining node requires a deposit of 10K MANs and processing power to run 1,000 TPS., which are necessary to support RPC service.

We’re currently using DELL R730 as test nodes, which meets the 1,000 TPS requirement. You can also achieve substantial additional TPS gains by clustering.
 
We’re using a VU 7P + ZU 21 DR FPGA prototype chip. 
The ZU 21 DR is composed of: 4 ARM Cortex A53  superscaler processors. 

This supports "two miners and a validator" node and this setup has reached 50K TPS.


### Q3.  The recent Github upload of the crypto GO implementation tells us the different things which have been done and what it contains, for example: "Signature_cgo.go and crypto.go under crypto are ethereum's original crypto algorithm interface files for external calling, and based on this, we introduced two more interfaces SignEx and VerifySignatureEx which will be used for signature verification. Ecrecover and EcrecoverEx interfaces supports public key recovery. generateKeyEx is the new interface for public/private key generation"  But it does not tell us why these new interfaces are included and why they are an improvement to the original Ethereum code. Can you tell us? 

Our new cryptographic algorithm for POC is based on Ethereum’s and is backward compatible, but introduces some enhanced features. In order to create cryptographic interface we introduced these two interfaces:

-Signature.cgo.go
-Crypto.go 

If you dive into our code, you’ll see that we introduced a randomly generated number interface, as well as elliptical parameters. 

These interfaces meet both international cybersecurity standards and the security standards established for Chinese financial industry.

We are currently working with one of the leading universities in China to develop further enhancements to the security algorithm. This academic partner recently created a new security solution that was adopted by a top global telecom company.

### Q4. What is the advantage of running 100 000 MAN verification node from an investor point of view? As its more expensive to set up, is there more reward?

For those who want to calculate ROI in the MATRIX project can be estimated based on the following model:

Our current distribution model is set as follows. In the future, we may announce further adjustments. 

40% of the all available tokens will be paid out for mining and supporting operations. These 400 million tokens will be paid out in the following percentages：

-  25% will be distributed to miners  (a total of 100 million tokens)
- 20% will be distributed to validators (a total of 80 million tokens)
- 50% will be distributed to suppliers of computing power for AI calculations using the MCMC algorithm （a total of 200 million tokens）
- 5% will be used to reward our Matrix community and distributed according to community votes. （a total of 20 million）

Mining token rewards: Each mining masternode will be awarded 10% of the average mining rewards for a given interval *as long as it meets the minimum uptime requirements 

The remaining 90% will be distributed based on computing power.  

Validator nodes: Verifiers are critical for ensuring the safety and integrity of the blockchain. Specifically, they support the RPS  -  Remote Procedure Call service

The validator node will receive 1/8th of the validator pool, the remaining 7/8 will be distributed equally among the 11 delegate validator nodes.