### Q1.  Despite the great answers from the team, it seems like each week we are left with new questions. Would you be able to release complete yellow-papers detailing completely the technical design framework for consensus, node election, and smart contracts?

One challenge, is that the scope of our technology is always evolving with new concerns. 

For example, in order to prevent renting out processing to support a 51% attack, we’ve changed the rules of our verification mechanism, in which case publishing the original documentation would have caused confusion.

Another example is related with the 11 verifier supernodes. Our team ran simulations to evaluate the best method for preventing fraud or an EOS–like vulnerability. As a result the project team identified the Dark Guardian role as an effective deterrent against DDoS attacks. We also introduced an impeachment mechanism for further security.

Or considering our consensus algorithm, we are pursuing a combined CPU-like GPU-like solution, but current encryption algorithms are vulnerable to pooled mining attacks. We are currently collaborating with a famous manufacturer of Bitcoin mining hardware on a custom AI chip. But need to consider the possibility of ASIC processing attacks. So our technology team is currently taking an integral approach to considering related issues. We witnessed a prior example with B**Chain, who was collaborating with this manufacturer, but the technical team misidentified an ASIC-like algorithm, when it was in fact GPU-like algorithm. As a result investors lost a lot of money.


### Q2. What hardware do you think will be required in September and December to run a node capable of 1000 tps?

We’re currently using DELL R730 as test nodes, which meets the 1,000 TPS requirement. You can achieve substantial TPS gains by clustering.
 
We’re using a VU7P + ZU 21 DR FPGA prototype chip. The ZU 21 DR component is composed of ARM Cortex A53 superscaler processors.

This supports a "two miners and a verifier" mode. And this setup has reached 50K TPS.

### Q3. How many kinds of masternodes will be there?

There are mainly two kinds of masternodes in the MATRIX project: Mining masternodes and Verification masternodes.

A mining masternode requires a deposit of 10K MAN and processing power to run 1,000 TPS.

A verification masternode requires a deposit of 100K MAN deposit and processing power to run 2,000 TPS.

There are another two kinds of normal nodes, called AI service nodes and AGENT nodes. 

As for AI service nodes, there's no deposit requirement, as they simply provide processing power outputs.

As for Agent nodes, there's no deposit requirement either, and they serve as agents for a distributed computing processor.

Finally there are Dark Guardians, who:

Provide real-time monitoring throughout the network to root out bad actors. Specifically, they will use double-entry accounting methods to log and verify transactions for every account.

The MATRIX Foundation itself will deploy a dark guardian node and publish the related verified codes.
The Dark Guardian role is a voluntary contribution, but upon reporting fraudulent activity, they can be rewarded by the Foundation.

### Q4. This question is related to the description "Selecting the winner can be based on a randomized function, Or on a combination of the following factors: Computing power, bandwidth, network connectivity, and other metrics." So who decides what selection protocol is used? Do the nodes themselves decide? Or is the selection made by AI? Otherwise is it determined randomly?

The answer is Identification and Signatures.

We will use a randomized function, which will generate a random value between 0 and 1.

Each node will be issued a unique value area based on their reported processing power (these value areas are not overlapping with each other).

When the random value falls within an area, the masternode in that area will be selected as winner, and remaining nodes in the same area will be organized into a ternary tree according to sequential distribution rule, and finally a complete network tree is generated. 

In order to prevent fraud, we introduced a verification algorithm, which is used to check all of the masternodes at a random starting block and specified time frame based on the reported processing power.

In addition, to prevent fraud on the generation of the random value, we employ a method of generating random value seeds in union .The random value seeds are encrypted and distributed by the verification nodes.