### Q1. Lets say I own 50000 MAN and my brother owns 50000 MAN，From an economic perspective – would it be more profitable to combine our tokens to run a Verification Masternode and split the profits, or run 2 x 50,000 token Mining Masternodes, separately?

ANSWER: To begin – let’s clarify a few things so we’re all on the same page. As you may know, only a Supernode can act as a miner or validator. Both Miner Supernodes and Validator supernodes will be selected from all eligible masternodes based on a fixed selection cycle and MATRIX’s unique algorithm. No single Masternode can be a Supernode forever.

The rewards for Miners and Validators are not the same.

Rewards for miners work in the following way:

- The available total payout is equal to the total number of tokens x 40% x 25%
- 1/8th of this available payout is equally distributed between the selected Miner Masternodes.
- The remaining 7/8ths are distributed between the selected Miner Supernodes based on a Proof of Work algorithm.
- Miner Masternodes that aren’t selected as Miner Supernodes can still earn rewards by providing computing power to external parties.

Rewards for validator supernodes are a little different:

- As you all know by now, a total of 165 validator masternodes are automatically selected based on total deposits
- The total payout available to validator nodes equals the total number of tokens x 40% x 20%
- 1/8th of the total available payout is distributed to these 165 validator masternodes
- The remaining 7/8ths is distributed equally among the 11 selected Validator Supernodes

So, there isn’t a simple answer to your question. Several factors will determine which option is more profitable at any given moment.


### Q2. Will miners be able to use multiple separate devices to mine on the same node? The two mining setups shown were each a single device, but it could be more practical for miners to use multiple devices to reach the 1000tps for a MN.

ANSWER: We do support multiple devices mining on a single node. However we should clarify that the computing power (1000 TPS for example) is not the primary criteria for masternode selection. Masternode selection mainly depends on the stakes and network uptime. Only after a node becomes a masternode, is it qualified to be selected for the 21 miner nodes making up the Supernode.